I worked And then
Hi good night Thursday 10th of September Brasilia 19 hours today I
I promise it will be one there and quite quickly here I apologize there I
the friends of Pingo Doce because I have no person on my side here
to answer the questions and what I answer if they asked question
also already know that there will be distortions on the part of the mainstream media so I
I prefer not to not answer We are here with Elisângela the pound interpreter
and here ah ah you left me when it's basically this is a young girl
the young young reporter presenter a good night to you good president
night for all Brazil is four years old at the Peão Cowboy Party there in me was
a lot of success is more because it was in the pre-campaign but I didn't know it was going to
the campaign does not confess here now her video broke that I had 300 400
thousand people on Facebook today I'm hitting the movement that we made you
I think you were a deputy yet and you handed me over, I just think three more
times this year there was no official unforeseen event because it has a cowboy not
will talk a little bit about animals there
and the animals in our government are having and more
I am more protected our business I speak a little bit until the approval was approved
project in Congress this week increasing the penalty there for those who mistreat
animals is increases the penalty for those who mistreat dog and cat already have a
penalty for those who mistreat animals dog and cat and will arrive at my table
to veto or sanction I have no alternative I know I thought
who defend animals I defend too but the people here defend ok it's started already
do a hobby there to work so you have to go
mistreat me too much will only go from two years to five years of seclusion is
cane because the sanctioning of the project is obviously right and now Jesus I think it is
taking here from two years to five years is excessive it is fair it has to be bigger there is
that being a minor I remind you for anyone who abandons in Capaz not a newborn
sentence of six months to three years that So does a mistreat a cat dog goes from
two years at least five years old Speak Gilson Speak there I think the following
President I think the animals have to be protected, yes, as I think it is worth it
6 months old to present who abandon the incapacitated a child who plays
a child in the trash bag has to have a much bigger penalty and I think
also that animals they they are really incapable he they need the
support from all of us so that he doesn't Sofia now the dosimetry has to be
view by It's for women times 20 dogs at home
it is not because of a financial health problem that he cannot feed the
teeth the puppy dog ​​takes the room for example how is it there she will be
imprisoned because of that she will multiply the penalty for 21 days 5 years
sometimes people will give a hundred years of head starts with two years in jail another
the rodeo rodeo part is not in this project the rodeo part is already
it was regulated the animals are protected I have an idea in a
rodeo at the rodeo today you have a level of sand in the arena that a
level that is gauged by an animal welfare judge you cannot use
whip neither on the track nor in Recife and you cannot use iron spurs in
Animal then there is you can not step on the ox with a horse in the vaquejada so there is
already a rule and a follow-up of the veterinary medical technician for that we
let's let go let's see the opinion here of those who really understand the matter you
know that kids too much more you like more gas
one of the two come on you can understand that it's two years in jail
it must be a person stays two years of the trip because they mistreat dogs we already
we have the dog's leg it's getting sad the person has to have a punishment
but two years are you how old am i 10 2 to 5 years i don't know why
it will be five years here what kind of mistreatment hand will I put in the middle here in
middle of the 2 + 57 video for two three and a half died Dom of the presence of chain
average is little is a lot for those who mistreat a dog I think it is very little
saw why poor animals we have to take care of the animal we don’t have
that killing him didn't want me to be a candidate in the future would you accept you
let me know yes for sure you may not have it but you have the things that just
time you spend as long as ten years 20 some 20 years in jail
for those who mistreat an animal and I always had a dog Look here
my wife has two adopted one now and she is ok ok she can treat well
here is more than 50, but there are about 30 Ducks, there are 50 chickens I've already caught
this is just continuing right I’m taking care it’s barbaric
bike too much that I intend to do I put the text on my Facebook
of the law the staff make a comment just to warn you here I go to download it is
ban has no chat can create look even right excessive small big have to
to work It has to invent and for us it’s not easy to make a decision with
this one for you who have a dog at home, someone passes by there
and how to say can even what to catch the sick dog player another house and
so how did you not know how to spend your business there? Here is your sheep giving birth
neighbor's dog went over there and eat the baby sheepskin you put a
trap to catch the neighbor's dog in about 10 days and
in São Paulo approved a boar slaughter project now You think you have to kill
wild boar of the wild boar there roça Ai I do not know very good this answer that
happens the animal that is not ours on YouTube there wild boar So come on guys
oh and because ten years ago I hadn’t
increased, right? So there is already a need to increase losses for anyone who has
the law of supply and demand
a little bit how it works some looks UOL is all a member of the government
said this said that or secretary of the war team this does not know what it is
Mendonça's assistant who has no one’s name so you sit there in
his room you already know they are part of me the
all the time he is writing nonsense here to say that the government is beating the
head that does not understand then what happens André Mendonça talked
I talked to him as I had already talked to Paulo Guedes that I
economy notice had already talked to Tereza Cristina Minister of Agriculture
It’s because rice has risen in price What we can do, right within the rules of the
market to seek a solution to this no one that the table nothing what it is
interfering in nothing, there is no one who knows that once interfering, you're ok
this disappears from the shelf and I operated after the merchandise appears there appears
on the much more expensive black exchange we already have pensions from Brazil to Venezuela all
tabulated but there is nothing ok then measures taken by the government I spoke with the
André Mendonça spoke to me. I can set up the national secretary for the defense of
consumer to investigate I will ask for Supermarkets is
because the thousand price was can if it was not because she got the answer it can be
that the wrong thing is we passed the government of the moment of Providence and. Ok then
orders the measures taken it was in common agreement there Paulo Guedes É
training Cristina right Brazil is going to import 400 thousand tons of rice is
without the import tax Ah ok now because the rice is gone up
price with emergency assistance the people ate started to consume a little
a little bit more a little bit more close to millions of people really
helped the merchandise disappeared a little bit on the shelf the dollar is
high facilitates exports I also talked I have always talked everyone
the ministers that the price of the Central Bank that we can do
dollar there is a sub so much that the government can legally obey Vega
of the market all this we do now comes a press here brown has to
borrows here from UOL writes a lot of [ __ ] to play one against time
every day down there that André Mendonça did this to please me because
he is terribly evangelical because he intends for the Supreme Court
Federal is to please me spoke he spoke to me
before notifying your market logically
information this leaks a has no problem bazaar EA press now as I
I don’t give an interview to this type of press ok, it has to be seeing a
heap of [ __ ] here in the pitiful This is part of this press
Brazilian woman who acts and in this way I also spoke with the representative of the
supermarket throughout the week its denying stoves cause since yesterday I had the
greatest representative a very healthy conversation said that they are not the
villains the profit margin of will be reduced as much as possible to
collaborate because when Mia has to get to Brazil it has to work, right we
we made a great sacrifice by spending nearly 50 billion a month for five
months gives almost 150 billion reais the sky that some claim in some
complains it's not complaining I could say I don't want to give it back ok but but
it will not start now because it’s you that isn’t much for the recipient but it’s a lot
who pays who pays is not me and it is not money like some days right
meets I just pay this is individually we have having
responsibility now in part and in part because those where it stays at home
I was going to ask you that and the story of staying at home who's going to pay the bill
Well, imagine if the people from the field who will stay at home that the rice crop
Arab average three months each when he plants and average three months later he chooses
we are already 6 months old the pandemic more or less practically two farofa
of rice the person if not today is true now the people who joined this
adhered adhered adhered adhered
the people who joined it stay at home the TV economy then it's there then since the
beginning I was saying that we cannot treat the virus and the disease in a dissociated way
Employment collection Life employment is only important and now TV that the MS each time
more has been manifesting in the sense of what we said back there I
I think a lot of people knew that, you know, but I didn't have the opportunity to speak or
warm was worried If I talk now I'm going to be beaten I was beaten like a dog
itchy pants Not everything is animal mistreatment if you don't heal the room
dog is mistreated animal brother is also only from the field Then take care and if the
the law is sanctioned in and sometimes the dog is yours right mine has already lived
Fazenda Bora there doing here Lagoas Eldorado Paulista points there and in
house on the dog engine neighbor he ask the neighbor not because
who lived in the distant house, right Leonildo is
the wire of São João there This mangy dog ​​has already appeared here at home to see if
get tired lift it passes the inspector and see the mangy dog ​​violin two to five years
from jail go there guys or else it’s common and seeing you in the field It’s common I’m here with
Jorge Safe, you don't see skinny fish but a dog understands a dog
thin is looking in the ribs The idea is to show him two to five
years in jail I’m seeing here since I’m watching the test here
near here about seven arrobas in this I'm seeing today on the internet here the day of
chubby is true and chubby can take your life no
like a bear like that, then we run run run run who will run
more bear will get the bear without bear here look
(Laughter)
And then guys, the Northeast has already taken Brazil, so I have to, I had yours
northeast plague goat here in the southeast region i think everyone voted for
me here you can fire the
employee has to put it on you have to solve it I heard that you
it's solving the food problem, it's not just rice, right, Brazil is
listening a lot Agribusiness AND the locomotive from the economy to the countryside
stopped did not stop it too ah the truckers is the structure of
transport in Brazil also didn’t stop you have to have some governors
that blocked the federal track since the apf there in Pará for example of Pará Tá
that's right, thinking that solved everything for the moment Teve had the governor of
Southeast did not speak his name, you know, 15 parties closed the international post
Look at the power of these some of these governors so you get it right it gets it right
the accounts with the people there at 22 there is a specific agenda for us to go
and want to say something hesitation do you like it more then you like it a lot has arrived
have to draw blood after your arm gets all sore You have the arm
very thin very thin vein and it is not doing a certain right and that right now
would you take any vaccine without scientific proof without proof
table is 5200 all even more the vaccine this vaccine is not yet
scientific proof I still think the vaccine has arrived and any country there has
to go through Anvisa, you know, the National Health Surveillance Agency in the
procedure there and there is a law now that says but the veto was overturned go
I'm seeing from the United States of the European Union of Japan or in China have life
you have 72 hours to say if you’re ok or not if you don’t say anything it’s called cup approval
that's right so it's like approving had you can already give vaccine to the staff
do you think ok that's right i think you didn't see it because you have to go right through the
lost the problem with the vaccine that we were already in front of, treating, you know, moneylender
We are waiting for hair from the causes because one of the people is gave
problem to logically continue searching
The question is not to see if it can be used or not applied to people, but
even when Anvisa arrives in Brazil, there is someone in front of me
Anvisa's president is a doctor called / he who will analyze with the
Anvisa team has a lot of people there
I'm the president and he will try to define whether or not we will vaccinate, right?
people It is okay to see today in Rio de Janeiro in the notebook a graduation from
almost 2,600 are from the navy, of course we will face the vibration of the staff there
those forming winning at a more stage in life back there did with a lot of course
competed in Brazil have gone through many trials and graduating today in this group
here a room but even the woman is right so to tell me the staff I made a
brief speech to and now starting every 30 days by
ahead to perform at the very bad destination location Earth other on ships
and will spread throughout Brazil more and more detail 1987 first place was the
race was women including she was in chemistry class balancing
water formula equation of that one in
program of Silvio Santos The former governor of the great state of Brazil
is the play the boat there tomorrow we will be here
in Bahia, I’m going to pose in Barreiras, then we’ll go to São Desidério
we will see together with Minister Tarcísio we will go there to see the works of
railway railway west-east integration railway it has approximately as
the president said to speak just a little while there, he calls us to eat
a barbecue for the house is missing in the backyard of your house you can’t talk but he
is also doing now
and if you needed to be a candidate for mayor in another city you would vote for him because
there is no one to go back there everything everything thief these things I will tell the rest
So this 1,500 km railway connects Bahia Tocantins, right? It's almost
on the horizontal there towards east-west west-east that is close And goes from Ilhéus
the Ilhéus Bahia Figueirópolis Tocantins fig right
Yes I wanted to send a hug to all of you Brazilians and we are living is
very good here look at the legislative judicial error and
obviously this good climate on TV or take the opportunity to approve projects and make
the economy of Brazil PH is ok because if you don't work you won't eat this is it
it is true if it regrets but aid aid for three months Nossa Campo plus two
beauty and now decided to extend extended it is not over we wanted
we recreated another emergency aid no more 600 more 300reals is not because
I want to pay less is not because Brazil has no way to borrow more is
mine will not have another extension why
and indebtedness grows a lot Brazil asks for trust together can grow can
go back to the infraction EA people I don't want to blame anyone normal let's ask for a
help so that we like jobs right for those who spoke to stay at home
Brazilian Thanks Brazil all stopped stay at home economy TV then it's
the truth is that Paulinho is not it
in the artisanal and I wanted to give you this news to all of us fishermen
artisanal for the decision the president then is
I heard the noise of the issue of the end of the closed insurance which is fake News Total
President defined that the closed-end insurance will continue along the same lines as
that is, it does not enter the Brazil straight and between us we are
continuing to do the captain is to filter make the record to bring is
seriousness in the program but the program is As a former admissible Minister said
and no artisanal fisherman from Brazil will be affected was this message correct
of the kingdom of Brazil right is only gives ideas that indecision at the end of the line one
program with this is Paulo Guedes and I'm sure we heard everyone has a
each one brings an idea and some absurd ideas the issue of closed insurance is
for three months a year that's four to five blocks, it's four months
per year more or less a thousand reais a month where the fisherman
and now how many fishermen do we have registered in the closed insurance 200 thousand
but receiving approximately 800,000, it's ok, you think you have it all
fisherman in Brazil may have fraud in this cake then answer Ó second CG u69 for
one hundred and seventy percent the other people who don't live off fishing don't
know how to differentiate a question here is a great whale whale come on one
question here do you take or preserve Listening to a city now Eldorado
Paulista was not created has a way of knowing if someone Eldorado Paulista receives the
second time we have no way of knowing yes and if there is there must be little in the city
2 thousand more inhabitants if it has 200 degrees safe-closed it is possible it is possible but
there is a river there but from what I know there is not be there is not there I do not you do not
will the weight of the partner region to be
sold it so for example you should not have it but if we had
have to look for a way to get that person that they receive properly
President is lets we arrived at the government we are doing integrations
with Federal Government databases that did not have an INSS is revenue
Finally, the Ministry of Agriculture is Caixa Econômica Banco do Brasil.
talking to cross and really know who already receives some benefit from
government and since the law it is quite elastic we have no self-declaration
this is a problem for us but we are already crossing and we are already reducing
quite the number of people who use this benefit improperly is the staff
talks a lot about fake News they won't talk about the second round of the elections I lost in
all states in the Southeast region all lost lost more of course Northeast Northeast
II Oi Joice Valeu except in the State of Pará
which integrates the northern region by coincidence the state can reach
there proportion that more people have registered insurance-closed and I found out
this afterwards what I lost there with the massive campaign of the State of Pará
saying I was going to end up with second came these people were warned the lady
missed the four months minimum wage per year because candidate Jair
bolsonaro will end the second ornament there in Pará
I asked for the elections basically on the market due to France As I said
that I end up with the family allowance And then my account hasn't done It has to laugh
during the elections with accuses me furthermore is accused of not liking it again
style my wife is the daughter of the goat of the plague on the side of Crateús the land
from Terra do Vodu can pray I'm going out because I don't like Diego my father-in-law
it’s not black, but the mixture read everything is imaginary, you know? It’s black Indian cafuzo
once you are not all there flamenguista is all there and she is kinda even he is mine
[ __ ] bought the first Paulo nigão store I don't like God what I
I don't like having my sleep it was like his daughter I did I confess to
first time they said they didn't know Uncle Márcio everywhere I don't know that she
pick it up and fast The sweater to know what I'm being
cursed she doesn't know anymore right and get them what is it you know what it is
misogynist does not know how to produce knows drank it is cool you see it is cool friendship was
put it from the front here can generate the girl who is misogynist
And then you warned me today, you don't like women, you like men
so this so i found out that moment was a senator from Pará
there was a public audience there that helps with a gay kit that the whole lady
and she didn’t like my presence there and she said that Vitória So you don’t like
I forgot that I like a man who doesn’t like a woman
myself but it is ugly it has to be right guys ready you enter the
pretty cool future up there I for example I started early my parents too
me and my parents i talked to six years old no i started my career from
reporter 16 years old and my parents aged 13 they started working on the i saw
a story there I think I'm not going to the police is true yet but it's very
on the internet a boy must have It’s true 19 always a box of
grease here on the back shoe Okay I already left that part on the other side of São Paulo
it was a box made of box of Argentine apples manzanas Argentina and he was
at the watchmaker to buy or $ 30 a gift for the father the watchmaker gave
watch for him to return the money to him and then it looks like the one somebody
adolescent at work notified The Owner of those worth It is said that he was doing
apology to work how far we've come right apology to work leaves the
kid working Wow I worked I went I said I learn to drive with
two years old wasn’t that the guy was on the road Teaching not to drive
not for you I was avalgrad there was with your help to put on Facebook
this little video came, he wants to work, work is
and today if the kid is there in Cracolândia I don't think anyone does anything
with a kid, nobody does anything, there was a candidate recording that thing
week I’ll believe you’re the mayor having recorded the cracolândia by voice and
ahead of speaking for the love of god for the love of god it's time it's time has the
There are even some serious politicians out there who shake hands with a liter of
alcohol in the pocket that's it okay i'm a wrong here excuse me i
fofucho your Facebook 28.000 It's weak huh YouTube four catches us 68 Thanks
there by Luzia focus of Brazil 6 thousand and then there is no Folha Folha e
Young Pan News has no value here but around a hundred thousand people watching
now until tomorrow then west-east integration railway
Bahia Tocantins I can send a farewell to the staff a big hug
to all of you that God bless you and your family and your work has seen a good
sleep for you bye Then I don’t know every day I almost an hour from
morning when I arrived the water was also part of the city the barracks was
we here at the Army supply water pump there I was the head of the Plant
and the shape of Oi and the only one who is brave on Friday
then electric, then you can relax today Saturday Sunday
fixing all that today is good, there is asphalt at Adenil brand Sidrolândia which
there was no makeup for Aquidauana there that Guia Lopes da Laguna Jardim I had
for good for Bela Vista Ponta Porã everything Terra now everything is asphalted then
there is electricity 24 hours a day and in the air it’s wonderful to have it there
a little while the barracks were tidy i talk about here a joke here what
my brother is already on this special, right, cheap lady, just thanks for the
for your attention until next Thursday if God wants I will be traveling Thursday and
Friday next week, it's beautiful, people have a moment to do a live and
need information to all of you thanks for the opportunity until
next Thursday if God wants